{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Why use Processing?\
\
We chose to use Processing 2.0.3 as a tool for visualization because it gave us the flexibliity to create an interactive program for the benefit of the user. Also it was free to download to any platform so, if one chose to use our visualization they would not have any issues.\
\
What we have done in Processing?\
\
We created a 2 dimensional interactive Visual aid that allows the user to \'93walk\'94 though the data. The main attraction is the map split in time zones. With the three medications (Adderall, Vyvanse, Ritalin) there is a unique mixture of red, green and blue with increasing opacity depending on the number of tweets that were tweeted within that time zone. On the bottom there are three major graphs, The one on the left is a graph of the number of tweets versus the hour of the day. The middle graph is just the overall tweets where red is the number of Adderall tweets, green is the number of Vyvanse tweets and blue is the number of Ritalin tweets. Finally the graph on the right is a Histogram of number of tweets versus the day of the week, starting with Monday. Just below the graphs there is a bar for overall satisfaction of the medication. Finally there are four buttons on the top. The default is the \'93All,\'94 button which updates the map graphs and Satisfaction bar. If you want to single out a specific medication just click on the button. Red signifies Adderall, Green signifies Vyvanse and Blue signifies Ritalin.\
\
Quick guide about how to run the Visualization program\'85\
\
To navigate through our Visualization takes little practice if any at all. It defaults to selecting \'93All,\'94 tweets at first which populates the graphs (Hours v. number of tweets & Day of Week v. number of tweets) and the map. The higher the opacity the more tweets tweeted on the map in that time zone. All has a mixture of red, green and blue but to signal out a medication, simply click on the button. It will do everything else for you. For Adderall, the map focuses on red, while green is for Vyvanse and blue is Ritalin.\
\
Possible Extension\
\
There is always much improvement and updates with any system. For starters we would like to display more graphs that update along with each button and having a scroll like feature to have each graph visible with a flick of the mouse. Also, we would like to be add more collapsable buttons so that the user can focus on Side Effects or more specific information of the data. Another touch would have a scroll bar that allows the user to view more specific times of the day, days of the week, days of the month or months.}